Your call... has been... heard...
However... I only have...
If I were to give you Grace...
One second...
What can you do in a single second...?
Such a small sliver of Grace would be... meaningless...
One second will be plenty.
Everything I've had, I've lost,
but I won't let go of this remaining spark
No, I won't let it go, not ever
Though there may be no right answers in my ill-defined tale,
once I'm able to step forward...
They say something's wrong with me, but I'll do something with them
I'm not even sure what I'm supposed to be
But if my dreams have resolved themselves to be by your side
then there's nothing left for me to doubt anymore
Sparks fly as things kick off
until "black and white" turns to ashen gray
If there's a choice crown to be had
I want it, I want it I'll whizz my way toward you
until "double or nothing" gets zeroed out
If the clowns are melancholy
then nothing will get anywhere
I'll show you a love that burns hot enough to scorch ashes
I just spark again
"Episode 10: The Woman in Black"
Shinra, how long are you going to leave me hanging?!
Hurry it up!
With one second...
What can you do in one second?
I can preserve this forest.
I get a similar whiff from you as Adolla... As the Evangelist had.
Who are you, exactly?
I am... no different than... the rest of you.
You said that you came to restore this world.
Then what is the Evangelist's objective?
Her... objective... is a terrible, arcane act.
To fill this land with flame, and destroy everything.
All I have done... is to create a land of rest...
...until the demise that is her goal... comes upon us.
To destroy the earth with flames? It's just like Rekka said.
Now, time is short. I will grant you my Grace.
Ogun, sorry to keep you!
Through my Link with Grace, my body is broken down to the particle level.
As I transcend the speed of light, time runs backward.
My body, in particle form, returns to the way it was in the past.
Are these...
...Tempe's memories?
Why am I the only one...?
The only one...
I lost all my wealth and property in the Great Cataclysm.
I lost my wife and daughter at the same time.
So why did I alone survive?
I hate it! I hate the Great Cataclysm!
I hate the Great Cataclysm for taking my status, my women, and my fortune!
I'm here.
This is the spatial rift.
It won't budge. Is there no way for me to move beyond here?
Does this mean that what lies ahead
is not a place where humans are permitted to enter?
Someone has appeared from beyond the rift!
A person! Wh... Who... What... are you?
A-Are you... G-God? God?!
The Evangelist...
God! Are you God?! You have come to grant me your blessing, right?
I've lost my position and money in the Great Cataclysm!
Please grant me that kind of joy once again!
Please, I pray of you!
Please, give me salvation!
Salvation...!
I have received God's blessing! It hurts! It burns! It is magnificent!
I will now become a god as well, and proclaim the greatness of God!
The Evangelist came through the spatial rift, too...
But this man Tempe here is beyond hope.
Return to the great flame of fire!
Wh-What?
Where's the demon?
Shinra-kun is gone, too.
Shinra took care of the demon in an instant?
This is the true power of an Adolla Burst?
I got pretty far away from the forest, huh?
I'd better get back to the others.
The Evangelist came from beyond the rift.
Does that mean she isn't from this world?
Special Fire Force, you really did eliminate the demon in one second.
I heard that you came from beyond the rift, too. I sense...
...the same kind of presence about you as the Evangelist has.
Are you a being from Adolla as well?
You sense that because I have been inside the Tabernacle,
being burned for a long time by an Adolla Burst,
which must have intensified the "presence" of Adolla.
I was originally human.
Just like you... and that demon, Tempe.
I was enkindled with an Adolla Burst by an Evangelist's Insect,
and came to this world together with her.
You want to know about the connection between myself and the Evangelist,
but I am nothing more than someone who was brought here at her whim.
All I did was merely repair the Tabernacle,
something which was already here 250 years ago.
To save the animals that were living here from their agony,
I used its energy not to destroy, but to create, and made this Oasis.
From ancient times, mankind has established many religions,
envisioning different images of Heaven and Hell, God and the Devil.
Though they grow up in different lands, and speak different languages,
for some reason, the religions of mankind all share gods and devils.
If the various religions of this world...
are based on visions of Adolla that she has shown others...
...then perhaps from mind-bogglingly ancient times,
the Evangelist has been at work,
manipulating the thoughts of mankind
from behind the scenes of history.
One might say that the god that all mankind has imagined...
...is something that she conjured up.
You are trying to go up against... the being who created... your God.
God, huh? It is a Fire Soldier's duty to stop anyone
who is trying to bring calamity to this world, no matter who they are.
It is because of that duty...
...that this forest... has been saved.
Thank you... very much.
We heard an incredible explosion.
Ogun, is everyone all right?
Lieutenant Pan...
We're all done out here. Shinra just put the demon to rest, too.
Hey!
Shinra is coming back.
Lieutenant Pan,
how was the inside of the Tabernacle? Are you done investigating?
We hit the mother lode!
I don't hear her voice.
She must have gone to sleep.
I am most grateful for your help in putting the demon to rest.
What we learned during this investigation is a big leap forward for us.
If Amaterasu in Tokyo is set up the same way as the Tabernacle here,
it will also have a human power source.
You're eating this up, huh?
Er... and if Amaterasu's power source is a person with an Adolla Burst,
then the eight pillars would be... ...sacrifices.
If they're sacrifices, then the word "pillar" fits right in.
That girl who Linked with me, who we believe to be the First Pillar...
If there is a person inside Amaterasu, then she might very well be a sacrifice.
And that intense feeling of hatred I felt from her?
She might resent humanity for making her live as a sacrifice.
So unlike the "Woman in Black" inside the Tabernacle,
maybe she didn't choose to go inside, but was exploited instead.
It sounds like the Holy Sol Temple and Haijima, who built Amaterasu,
might be hiding something, all right.
"Haijima Industries"
Those eight arrows that were at the core...
They may be some kind of keys.
The memory stick that Dr. Giovanni stole from Vulcan...
That might also have data on it regarding the "key" to Amaterasu,
similar to those arrows.
But this series of numbers is something I have no idea about.
Arthur-kun said they were pi.
But until we get back to Tokyo and compare them, I can't tell for sure.
If that is what they are, we don't even know if the two are related.
Whatever the case,
we can be sure that things are going the way the Evangelist wants them to.
Making sacrifices of the Eight Adolla Bursts,
and using Amaterasu to kick start a Great Cataclysm.
We're starting to see now what the Evangelist's goal is.
But I have no intention of letting her wrap us around her finger anymore.
"God," my eye!
I'll stop her, no matter what!
You're leaving already?
You've come all this way. Why not stay a little longer?
Heroes are busy people.
Heroes, huh? You're amazing, Shinra.
I'm just a weakling, who always has to have others help him.
I can't do anything on my own. I'm just a coward who can't fight.
What's too much for you is too much for you. What can you do?
But you are not a coward.
Stubbornly taking too much upon yourself,
until it breaks you, just makes you miserable.
You wanted to preserve this forest, right?
Where's the harm in turning to others to achieve that?
Acknowledging your weaknesses
and asking for help from others takes its own kind of courage.
If things ever get dicey again, just call me.
That's what heroes are for, after all.
I'm going to train by digging a thousand holes every day!
And if that's still not enough, then I'll call for help, okay?!
Mm-hmm.
See you later!
Hell yeah!
Seriously, why aren't you wearing your masks?
"Mission"
"Complete"
The First Pillar?
Are you inside Amaterasu?
No...
...are you Amaterasu?
Shinra!
We're in Tokyo. Get ready.
Y-Yes, sir.
That girl appeared in my dreams again.
Were your father and mother relieved?
Mm-hmm. I told them about Scop and the others.
They reclaimed the Oasis,
so the whole reason fer them to ransack our potato fields is all settled up now.
Everything's hunky-dory.
If they're so hard up, we coulda afforded 'em some potatoes, at least.
I'm glad you got to see your parents.
Mm-hmm, and the potatoes were doing well, too.
I wanted more adventure.
That gas was fun, huh?
That girl I saw in my dream...
As the water she was in was evaporating...
...it looked like she was crying.
Amaterasu... Who exactly is she, anyway?
If there really is someone inside Amaterasu,
it introduces a contradiction in the dogma and scripture of the Holy Sol Temple,
which have been guiding the Tokyo Empire.
Remember the words of the Prologue.
"A long time ago, mankind was touched by the planet's anger..."
"Prologue: The Great Cataclysm"
A long time ago, mankind was touched by the planet's anger,
and the world was engulfed in flames.
It was the Day of the Cataclysm.
The flames burned ferociously,
with an intensity threatening to incinerate the places mankind lived in,
the languages they spoke, and the culture they had built up.
"Chapter One: Holy Fire"
As the world was being covered in ash, one man appeared.
He would later be called Raffles I.
Raffles took his disciples and left on a journey in search of light.
At the end of his journey, he found an "unsullied flame,"
and brought forth the light that would be mankind's salvation.
"Chapter Two: Amaterasu"
Raffles and his disciples used the flame bestowed by the great Sol
and the technology cultivated by mankind to create "Amaterasu."
The sacred flame of Amaterasu benefitted the lives of mankind,
and ended up establishing the foundation of a state in the Far East.
"Noto Farms Potatoes"
See you later!
Today's Amaterasu operational rate is normal.
Amaterasu is the reason why this country developed. But...
...if Adolla Bursts are actually something
that the Evangelist bestowed upon mankind...
If the Evangelist was the one who developed this country,
why is she trying to destroy it now?
You can't help but wonder if the Holy Sol Temple is hiding something, can you?
Let's head in and report to Captain Obi.
"To be continued"
Most incidences have their own name
But no one knows and I'm upside down
Billions of people exist
But not anybody tells me what that is
Sacrificing my limited life Am I moving forward or not
I just want to believe Nothing goes to waste
I question myself Why I can't be who I want to be
tangled and translucent It drains me
Pretending and overextending myself
Wish one day I could love pathetic myself
Hoping for a dazzling future to come
Don't over decorate smile clumsily
Just live life the way I am This world is cruel
Can't choose how to be born
Stick up the middle finger then
Let's shoot off to the other side
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The city of Tokyo swirls with deceit and intrigue.
But there is a man here who risked his life to fight evil...
Licht-san, what is this all about?
Is this your just cause, Viktor Licht?
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 11, "Dark Hero." "Episode 11: Dark Hero"
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org